HW: Boston Software Jobs - Form Inputs and an Array of Objects

In this assignment, you will update the Boston Software Jobs Database to accept user input through a form, rather than pop-up prompts. This looks more like something you would see on the Web. You will also add a "Clear" button to empty out the form. See the attached mockup ("companiesMockup-FormInputs").

We have provided partial HTML, CSS and JavaScript files for this exercise. The partial JS file uses an array of objects to store your list of companies. However, there is more than one way to solve this assignment - for example, you could also use multiple arrays with no objects, or other methods. You should choose the method that makes most sense to you.

Here are the specific requirements:

1. Add a new button, "Display list," which lets the user display the companies that are in memory. When a user clicks this button, the app should access the data stored in your JavaScript file and display company names, logos and descriptions. See the second mockup for how it should look.

2. Add two text inputs to your Companies page (for a refresher on text inputs, check w3schools). The first text box is for the company name, and the second is for the logo URL. To make your page match the mockup, give the inputs a size of 90 characters (default size is 20 characters).

3. Add a third text box for the company description. You can use a text input just like in step #2, or you can use a textarea element.

4. Enable your app to "listen" for a click on the "Add a company" button. When a user clicks on this button, your app should capture the value from each text input and assign it to a variable inside your JavaScript file. How can you do this? By using a querySelector  and adding the .value method. Read more at w3schools .

5. The "Add a company" button and a new button, "Clear," should be placed below the text inputs (see mockup)

6. Listen for a click on the "Clear" button. This button should empty all three input textboxes. To do this, you can set the value of that text input to an empty string ('').

BONUS: 
Add another new button, "Alphabetize," next to the "Display list" button. The Alphabetize button should sort all the companies stored in your JS file alphabetically by company name. You can use the array .sort() method... but because it's an array of objects, you also need to add a compare function. For more on compare functions, check out this sitepoint article (refer to the section "How to Sort an Array of Objects in JavaScript," about half-way down).

